feat(useDataGrid): add useDataGrid hook (#161)
propeldata/ui-kit: app/storybook/documentation/ui-kit/hooks/useDataGrid.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/blocks'
import LinkTo from '@storybook/addon-links/react'
import { SourceCode } from '../../../.storybook/blocks/SourceCode'
import * as useDataGridStories from '../../../../../packages/ui-kit/src/hooks/useDataGrid/useDataGrid.stories'

<Meta title="Hooks/useDataGrid" /> 

# `useDataGrid`

The `useDataGrid` Query Hook allows querying [Propel's `dataGrid` API](https://www.propeldata.com/docs/api/query/queries#dataGrid).

> This simplifies creating custom components that need to display dataGrid. For example, you can use this hook to create a table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This simplifies creating custom components that need to display data tables and grids. For example, you can use this hook to create a table
```

> component that displays dataGrid, while reusing the Propel UI Kit's query logic and access token management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
component that displays tabular data, while reusing the Propel UI Kit's query logic and access token management.
```

import { Meta } from '@storybook/blocks'
import LinkTo from '@storybook/addon-links/react'
import { SourceCode } from '../../../.storybook/blocks/SourceCode'
import * as useDataGridStories from '../../../../../packages/ui-kit/src/hooks/useDataGrid/useDataGrid.stories'

<Meta title="Hooks/useDataGrid" /> 

# `useDataGrid`

The `useDataGrid` is a proposed Query Hook in the Propel’s UI Kit library. This Hook abstracts the code for querying the GraphQL API, 
allowing customers to implement their own components using the Hook. The `useDataGrid` hook would return the result of a query, 
which could then be used in a component for displaying data. This makes it easier for customers to implement their own components 
while leveraging the query logic provided by Propel. This implementation allows for the customer to use it in their own components, 

> such as a Table component that displays list of data.

Reviewer: Can you follow the format I introduced in https://github.com/propeldata/ui-kit/pull/155?
